mapper double double int int
mapper double double int pair
mapper int float int float
reducer int float int float
reducer int int int int
mapper int int int pair
reducer int long int long
reducer int pair double double
reducer int pair int int
mapper int pair int pair
reducer int pair int pair
mapper int ipair int pair
reducer int ipair int ipair
mapper long long int long
reducer pair pair double double
mapper pair pair pair pair
mapper ipair pair int ipair
reducer long long long long
mapper long long long long
mapper float float int int
mapper long long int int 
mapper int svec int int
reducer int svec int int 
mapper int svec int svec
reducer int svec int svec
reducer int int int long
mapper int int int int
